README.md, before:

<!-- Description -->
## Description
This HelloID Service Automation Delegated Form provides AD user account groupmembership management functionality. The following options are available:
 1. Search and select the target AD user account
 2. Show basic AD user account attributes of selected target user
 3. Show available AD groups and current user account groupmemberships
 4. Modify groupmemberships for selected user based on modifications in this form
 
<!-- TABLE OF CONTENTS -->
## Table of Contents
* [Description](#description)
* [All-in-one PowerShell setup script](#all-in-one-powershell-setup-script)
  * [Getting started](#getting-started)
* [Post-setup configuration](#post-setup-configuration)
* [Manual resources](#manual-resources)


## All-in-one PowerShell setup script
The PowerShell script "createform.ps1" contains a complete PowerShell script using the HelloID API to create the complete Form including user defined variables, tasks and data sources.

 _Please note that this script asumes none of the required resources do exists within HelloID. The script does not contain versioning or source control_


### Getting started
Please follow the documentation steps on [HelloID Docs](https://docs.helloid.com/hc/en-us/articles/360017556559-Service-automation-GitHub-resources) in order to setup and run the All-in one Powershell Script in your own environment.

 
## Post-setup configuration
After the all-in-one PowerShell script has run and created all the required resources. The following items need to be configured according to your own environment
 1. Update the following [user defined variables](https://docs.helloid.com/hc/en-us/articles/360014169933-How-to-Create-and-Manage-User-Defined-Variables)
<table>
  <tr><td><strong>Variable name</strong></td><td><strong>Example value</strong></td><td><strong>Description</strong></td></tr>
  <tr><td>ADusersSearchOU</td><td>[{ "OU": "OU=Disabled Users,OU=HelloID Training,DC=veeken,DC=local"},{ "OU": "OU=Users,OU=HelloID Training,DC=veeken,DC=local"},{"OU": "OU=External,OU=HelloID Training,DC=veeken,DC=local"}]</td><td>Array of Active Directory OUs for scoping AD user accounts in the search result of this form</td></tr>
  <tr><td>ADgroupsSearchOU</td><td>[{ "OU": "OU=Groups,OU=HelloID Training,DC=veeken,DC=local"}]</td><td>Array of Active Directory OUs for scoping AD groups to add in this form</td></tr>
</table>

## Manual resources
This Delegated Form uses the following resources in order to run

### Powershell data source 'AD-user-generate-table-wildcard-manage-groupmemberships'
This Powershell data source runs an Active Directory query to search for matching AD user accounts. It uses an array of Active Directory OU's specified as HelloID user defined variable named _"ADusersSearchOU"_ to specify the search scope.

### Powershell data source 'AD-user-generate-table-attributes-basic-manage-groupmemberships'
This Powershell data source runs an Active Directory query to select a list of basic user attributes of the selected AD user account.  

### Powershell data source 'AD-group-generate-table-manage-groupmemberships'
This Powershell data source runs an Active Directory query to receive the list of available AD groups. It uses an array of Active Directory OU's specified as HelloID user defined variable named _"ADgroupsSearchOU"_ to specify the scope.

### Powershell data source 'AD-user-generate-table-groupmemberships-manage-groupmemberships'
This Powershell data source runs an Active Directory query to receive the list of current groupmemberships based on the selected target AD user account.

### Delegated form task 'AD-user-update-groupmemberships-manage-groupmemberships'
This delegated form task will modify AD groupmemberships for the selected target AD user account based on the modifications in the Delegated Form.

# HelloID Docs
The official HelloID documentation can be found at: https://docs.helloid.com/

Commit message:

Added forum link and version number

README.md, after:

<!-- Description -->
## Description
This HelloID Service Automation Delegated Form provides AD user account groupmembership management functionality. The following options are available:
 1. Search and select the target AD user account
 2. Show basic AD user account attributes of selected target user
 3. Show available AD groups and current user account groupmemberships
 4. Modify groupmemberships for selected user based on modifications in this form
 

## Versioning
| Version | Description | Date |
| - | - | - |
| 1.0.1   | Added version number and updated all-in-one script | 2021/11/03  |
| 1.0.0   | Initial release | 2020/09/01  |


<!-- TABLE OF CONTENTS -->
## Table of Contents
* [Description](#description)
* [All-in-one PowerShell setup script](#all-in-one-powershell-setup-script)
  * [Getting started](#getting-started)
* [Post-setup configuration](#post-setup-configuration)
* [Manual resources](#manual-resources)
* [Getting help](#getting-help)


## All-in-one PowerShell setup script
The PowerShell script "createform.ps1" contains a complete PowerShell script using the HelloID API to create the complete Form including user defined variables, tasks and data sources.

 _Please note that this script asumes none of the required resources do exists within HelloID. The script does not contain versioning or source control_


### Getting started
Please follow the documentation steps on [HelloID Docs](https://docs.helloid.com/hc/en-us/articles/360017556559-Service-automation-GitHub-resources) in order to setup and run the All-in one Powershell Script in your own environment.

 
## Post-setup configuration
After the all-in-one PowerShell script has run and created all the required resources. The following items need to be configured according to your own environment
 1. Update the following [user defined variables](https://docs.helloid.com/hc/en-us/articles/360014169933-How-to-Create-and-Manage-User-Defined-Variables)
<table>
  <tr><td><strong>Variable name</strong></td><td><strong>Example value</strong></td><td><strong>Description</strong></td></tr>
  <tr><td>ADusersSearchOU</td><td>[{ "OU": "OU=Disabled Users,OU=HelloID Training,DC=veeken,DC=local"},{ "OU": "OU=Users,OU=HelloID Training,DC=veeken,DC=local"},{"OU": "OU=External,OU=HelloID Training,DC=veeken,DC=local"}]</td><td>Array of Active Directory OUs for scoping AD user accounts in the search result of this form</td></tr>
  <tr><td>ADgroupsSearchOU</td><td>[{ "OU": "OU=Groups,OU=HelloID Training,DC=veeken,DC=local"}]</td><td>Array of Active Directory OUs for scoping AD groups to add in this form</td></tr>
</table>

## Manual resources
This Delegated Form uses the following resources in order to run

### Powershell data source 'AD-user-generate-table-wildcard-manage-groupmemberships'
This Powershell data source runs an Active Directory query to search for matching AD user accounts. It uses an array of Active Directory OU's specified as HelloID user defined variable named _"ADusersSearchOU"_ to specify the search scope.

### Powershell data source 'AD-user-generate-table-attributes-basic-manage-groupmemberships'
This Powershell data source runs an Active Directory query to select a list of basic user attributes of the selected AD user account.  

### Powershell data source 'AD-group-generate-table-manage-groupmemberships'
This Powershell data source runs an Active Directory query to receive the list of available AD groups. It uses an array of Active Directory OU's specified as HelloID user defined variable named _"ADgroupsSearchOU"_ to specify the scope.

### Powershell data source 'AD-user-generate-table-groupmemberships-manage-groupmemberships'
This Powershell data source runs an Active Directory query to receive the list of current groupmemberships based on the selected target AD user account.

### Delegated form task 'AD-user-update-groupmemberships-manage-groupmemberships'
This delegated form task will modify AD groupmemberships for the selected target AD user account based on the modifications in the Delegated Form.

## Getting help
_If you need help, feel free to ask questions on our [forum](https://forum.helloid.com/forum/helloid-connectors/service-automation/497-helloid-sa-active-directory-ad-user-manage-group-memberships)_

## HelloID Docs
The official HelloID documentation can be found at: https://docs.helloid.com/
